Fix broken image and improve docs (#3040)
software-mansion/react-native-gesture-handler: docs/docs/fundamentals/manual-gestures/index.md

## Modifying existing gestures

> While manual gestures open great possibilities we are aware that reimplementing pinch or rotation from scratch just because you need to activate in specific circumstances or require position of the fingers, would be a waste of time as those gestures are already available. Therefore, can use touch events with every gesture to extract more information about gesture than what is provided in the events. We also added a `manualActivation` modifier on all continuous gestures, which prevents the gesture it is applied to from activating automatically, giving you full control over its behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While manual gestures open great possibilities we are aware that reimplementing pinch or rotation from scratch just because you need to activate in specific circumstances or require position of the fingers, would be a waste of time as those gestures are already available. Therefore, you can use touch events with every gesture to extract more detailed information about the gesture than what the basic events alone provide. We also added a `manualActivation` modifier on all continuous gestures, which prevents the gesture it is applied to from activating automatically, giving you full control over its behavior.
```
